clarification on functioning of ranking rules (#1915)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/core_concepts/relevancy.md

Meilisearch uses a [bucket sort](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bucket_sort) algorithm to rank documents whenever a search query is made. The first ranking rule is applied to all documents, while each subsequent rule is only applied to documents that are considered equal under the previous rule (i.e., as a tiebreaker).

**The order in which ranking rules are applied matters.** The first rule in the array has the most impact, and the last rule has the least. Our default configuration meets most standard needs, but [you can change it](/reference/api/settings.md#update-ranking-rules).

> Deleting a rule will mean that Meilisearch no longer sorts results based on that rule. For example, **if you delete the [typo ranking rule](/learn/core_concepts/relevancy.md#_2-typo), documents with typos will still be considered during search**, but they will no longer be sorted by increasing number of typos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deleting a rule means that Meilisearch will no longer sort results based on that rule. For example, **if you delete the [typo ranking rule](/learn/core_concepts/relevancy.md#_2-typo), documents with typos will still be considered during search**, but they will no longer be sorted by increasing number of typos.
```
